## Supplementary materials for the paper by Sergey Say & Ilja A. Seržant "An Algorithm for Argument Extraction from Russian Treebanks" (submitted to "Neophilologica").

This dataset is licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International License (CC BY 4.0).

The materials in this repository include the following

1. UD_argumenthood_Neophilogica.R

R code used to analyze data extracted from UD treebanks.

2. Russian_data_with_encoding.xlsx

Input data for the analysis. The data were extracted from UD treebanks in October 2024 and preannotated semi-manually as described in the text of the paper.
This spreadsheet contains 132221 entries each corresponding to a verb dependent token.  

3. valency_frames.xlsx

A summarizing table showing clauses, their head verbs and 1/0 for the observed / non-observed encoding devices.
This spreadsheet contains 89797 entries each corresponding to a clause token.

4. verbs_and_encoding_devices.xlsx

A summarizing table showing frequencies of combinations for verb types and encoding devices.
This spreadsheet contains 7538 entries each corresponding to a verb lemma (type). 

5. argumenthood_df.xlsx

A summarizing table showing whether combinations of encoding devices and verb lemmas are interpreted as arguments by the algorithm.
This spreadsheet contains 7538 entries each corresponding to a verb lemma (type).

6. data.xlsx

The main spreadsheet generated by the argument-annotating algorithm.
This spreadsheet contains 122551 entries each corresponding to a verb dependent token.

7. data_with_dictionary_annotations.xlsx

An excerpt from the previous spreadsheet (5423 entries from data.xlsx) additionally annotated manually for the argumenthood status as given in dictionaries.


